{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red17\green130\blue201;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c1176\c58824\c82745\c4706;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh17700\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
The aim of this app is to maximally set your workflow on autopilot. I hate the notion of \'93gameification\'94, but I think this just relates to the semi-artificial super-imposing of  boundaries and incentive structures onto your work. This is absolutely natural, since our brains are incredibly well adapted to seek out new information and to choose short term rewards.\
\
A secondary feature is to have a practical diary of progress for projects. I had the idea that I can even use the app for single pomodoros (with zero seconds for rest, only 1 pomodoro and 1 block) to track my progress in meditation, piano/music theory and other projects that I aspire to progress in.\
\
Another thing is that it would be good to bring in some kind of project management into Pomni. I have a project management thing for my PhD in the mind-map software on zenkit, which means that I should be able to stick relatively well to the plan. Progression without a roadmap is tricky, so maybe in the \'93description\'94 part of the projects it could be good to write your long-term aims for the project and you should be able to constantly update them.\
\
Features:\
\
An about/intro page:\
	\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This would be to direct people to initially, to advocate for the effectiveness of pom technique and show how my app irons out a fatal flaw (self-discipline of setting timers, determinism is increased) and adds an element (constant review allows you to stick to prime directives). All this as well as just being a good place to compile notes, particularly for tasks which you should do (practice musical instrument) but that you don't do. Rather than "okay, time to sit down and practice\'94, which fills you with emotions, it's "okay, now to open up Pomni" - from there you now know that you just need to work for this predetermined (even tuned) time and no longer. The boundaries remove anxiety and worry by clearly defining what your problem is, it\'92s not \'93I must become a piano genius\'94 it is \'93I\'92m spending 25 minutes playing the piano\'94, or even \'93unravelling the complexity and beauty of music through the piano\'94. Then gathering your thoughts after allows you to gain insight, check progress and reflect on your achievements afterwards down the line.\
	The presentation of this could be on the homepage, with user login shown first, then information about the method presented as you scroll down.\
\
\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 - download notebanks\
- Optional countdown on the dashboard showing when the next task in the project is due for completion\
- Analysing user behaviour to infer if there is some pathological behaviour. Would need to think about this much more deeply and learn lots more JS.\
- React app - time-sensitive tasks/to-do list which you can tick off neatly. In any given day you might need to do these X things e.g. meditate, exercise, stretch/move 5 times, practice piano. This could be a chrome plugin as well as being shown on Pomni, so you are constantly reminded.\
\
- A \'93how-to\'94 guide for the app. Make it as easy to use as possible.\
- Drag and drop day planning, to smoothly integrate various different tasks into your day. Bring some determinism into your day.\
}